

1. What is java?

-> Java is a High level, object oriented , compiler independent programming language developed by James Gosling and his team in 
   Sum MicroSystems but later it was acquired by oracle corporation. It was released  in 1995 and widely used for development of
   applications like mobile applications,web applications,desktop applications and enterprise applications.
   
   
   a. what is High level language?
   
   -> High level language is a programming language which is used to write the programs,software,application.it could be 
      understandable by the humans and computers. High level language is more understandable by the humans because it is
      written by using the symbols and letters to represents the logic and instructions. Basically the language which is
      more understandable by the humans are called high level language.
      e.g Java,C++,etc.
      
   
   b. what is object oriented language?
   
   -> Object oriented language is a software design or program methodology which used to manipulate the date around the 
      software design or program methodology in the form of objects/entity rather than the functions.
      e.g Java,C++,etc.
      
   c. what is compiler independent language?
   
   -> compiled ByteCode that can be run on any device/platform with the help of JVM.
   	  it means we can write a program in one platform e.g (windows) and after compilation that ByteCode we can run on
   	  any other platforms like (Linux,macOS).
   	  
   d. what is mobile,web,desktop,enterprise applications?
   
   -> mobile - software programs are run on only android device called as mobile applications.
               e.g NetFlix,Twitter,etc.
      desktop - software programs are runs on only computer devices locally are called desktop applications.
               e.g Microsoft office, windows file explorer.
      web - software programs that runs on your browser is called as web applications.
            e.g facebook, instagram, email,etc.
      enterprise - It is a large software system designed for corporate environment such as business or government.
                   e.g any particular companies software that is used among them,etc.
            
            
            
 2. History of Java?
 
 -> In 1991- James Gosling and his team started work on project "Oak" and later it was renamed as "Java".
    In 1995 - Java 1.0 released in a public.
    In 1997 - Java 1.1 released with inner classes and JIT compiler (Just In Time).
    In 2004 - Java 5 (java 1.5) released with generic,annotations and enumerations.
    In 2011 - Oracle corporation acquires the sun Mocrosystem and become the official maintainer of java.
    In 2014 - Java 1.8 released with Lamda expression,stream API.etc
    In 2017 - Java 9 released
    In 2018 - Java 10 and 11 released.
    
    
    
    
 3. Features of Java?
 
 ->
    
    
    
    
            
            
            