1. What is the purpose of the for loop in Java? Provide an example.

-> for loop is used to execute the set the code repeatedly . and it is recommended to use when number of iterations are fixed.


 	e.g if you want to show a message 100 times then rather than typing it you can use for loop.
 	
 	
 	
 	
 	
2. What is the purpose of the while loop in Java? Provide an example.

-> while loop is used to execute the set of code repeatedly based on the boolean condition. and it is recommended to use when we 
   doesn't know the number of iterations.
   
   e.g before the new year if you want to the reverse count down from 10 to 0 second in that case we can use while loop
       condition = while(second>0)
       
       
       
       
3. What is the purpose of the do while loop in Java? Provide an example.

-> do while loop is used execute the set of statements until the given condition becomes the true.
	It is same as while loop but in do while loop condition is checked after the execution of set of code.
   
   e.g if we told user that guess the number from 1 to 10 then for that game we can use do while loop
       inside do block we scan/take the input from user and if it guessed correctly based on the condition then and then only
       it will stop keep scanning otherwise it will keep taking the input from user until user not entered correct guessed number.
       
       
4. what is the difference between for and while loop in java?

-> for loop is used when number of iterations is known and while loop used when number iterations and not known and while loop iterate 
   until the condition becomes false.
  
  
  
  

  
4. What is the purpose of the break statement in Java? Provide an example of its usage.

-> break statement is used to terminate the loop and give control to the next statements after the loop. and
   break statement is also used to inside switch case to terminate the particular case.
   
   
   e.g -> suppose if we want to print the first 5 odd numbers then on every odd number set the one count variable and keep it increment
          and as count becomes 5 inside if statement give break statement then it will stop iterating the loop.
          
          
 
 
 
5. Explain the purpose of the continue statement in Java and provide an example.

-> Continue statement is used to skip the next statements in current iterations of the loop.

	e.g -> while printing the digits from 1 to 10 suppose if we don't want to print the number 5
	       then in that case use continue statement as, inside if statement give condition num==5 then continue;
	       then it will skip further iterations and it will start execute next iteration.
	       
	       
	       
	       
6. Describe the different types of comments in Java and their purposes.

-> Comments are used to keep the notes inside source code that are the ignored by the compiler during the compilation.


 there are three types of comments 
	1.single line comment -> for commenting the single line use forward slash two times as //
	
	2.Multi-line comments -> for commenting multiple line use /* at the start and */ at the end.
	
	3.Java Doc comments  -> used to generate the documents start with /** and end with */


















