1. What is class?

-> Class is a fundamental unit of object oriented programming. Class is a blueprint or template for a object or entity, it defines the
   structural behavior of a object.
   Class has a variable,property (data member),methods,etc.
   
   e.g Person is a class having data member String name and so on , methods walk() and so on 
       now we can make any number of objects of a class. as person p1,p2,and so on.
       
       

       
2. what is Object?

-> An Object is a entity of a class, it represents the real world entity. Each object is belongs to some class.
   Every object has state and behavior ,state of object is determined by value of properties/variables/data members and
   behavior of object is defined by the methods.
   
   e.g p1 is a Object of person class.
       then state of object is like name of person,age of person,and so on
       and behavior is like person can walk(),talk(),and so on.
       
       
       
       
3. What is the difference between a class and an object?

->   		Class 												Object
  	1. Class is blueprint or template of object.			-object is a entity of class it represents real world entity.
	2. Class is a logical entity.							-object is a physical entity.
	3. class is a declared once.							-object can be created many times.
	
	e.g Human,etc												e.g Man,Woman,etc
	
	
	
	
4. What is instance variable?

-> Instance variable are non-static variable declared inside the class and outside the constructor,method or block.
   they are created when object of that class created and destroyed when object is destroyed. every object has their own copy
   of this instance variable.
   
   e.g  class - person
   		object -p1
   		instance variable -name,id,email,etc.
   		
   		
   		
5. what is instance method?

-> instance methods are non-static methods defined inside the class and called only after the object of class has been created.
   method contains the executable body that can be applied to specific object of a class.method contains the access modifier,return type,
   method name and list of arguments separated by comma and body of that method.
   e.g. class - person
   		method - public void walk(){
   					
   					System.out.println("person can walk");
   				}
   		
   		
  
      








