1. What is Inheritance?

-> Inheritance is allowed you to acquire all features of a one class(super class) into another class(sub class) like properties and behaviors 
   or (field and methods).


e.g car class extends vehicle class. so here in this case all the properties and behavior of vehicle class is acquire by the car class.
   so vehicle is used to transport the data. so this property is acquired by the car also. and car class can also have it's additional 
   behavior.
   
 
 
2. What is super/parent class and what is sub/child class?

-> Super class / Parent class -> The class whose features are acquired that class is known as super or parent class.
   Sub class / Child class -> The class which acquires the features of super/parent class is called as sub/child class.
 
   
   
3. Why we need Inheritance ?

-> -To achieve Re-usability of code.
   -To achieve method overriding.
   
   
   
   
   
4. what is method overriding?

-> The method having the exact same name ,same number of parameters and same return type but presents in different inherited classes
   then it is called as method overriding.
   Method overriding is used to provide a particular implementation to method in sub class which declared in it's super class.
   

   
   
5. What are the types of inheritance in java?

-> 4 types of inheritance in java

	1.Single inheritance ->
		A sub class is derived from only one parent class. which acquires the properties and behavior of only one parent class is called
		as Single or simple inheritance.
		
		e.g - Tiger class extends Animal class
		      so here all the properties of single parent class animal is acquired by the tiger class.
	
	
	
	
	2.Multilevel Inheritance ->
		A sub class is derived from one parent class and that parent class is also derived from it's parent class and so on such 
		inheritance is called as multilevel inheritance.
		
		
		e g. - class contractEmployee derived from class Employee and class Employee is derived from class Person.
	
	
	
	
	3.Hierarchical Inheritance -> 
		Multiple number of classes are derived from the single parent class such inheritance is called as hierarchical inheritance.
		
		e.g - class Tiger, class Dog, class Hours all are derived from single parent class Animal.
	
	
	

	4.Hybrid Inheritance -> Hybrid inheritance is a combination of a two or more than two inheritance such inheritance is called as
	                        hybrid inheritance.
	                        
	                        
	    e.g -  class dog is derived from Pet class, class tiger is derived from class wild class and
	           both pet class and wild class are derived from single parent class Animal.
	
	
	
	
	
6. How do we achieve multiple inheritance in java?

-> Java does not support multiple inheritance cause in java we cannot extends multiple classes. So to achieve multiple inheritance
   we need to use interface. We can implement multiple interface to the class.
   
   
   
   
   
7. why java does not support multiple inheritance?

-> Because to avoid the complexity and ambiguity java does not supports multiple inheritance.
   suppose we extends two classes and both of them having the same method let say display(). then while calling the method display()
   compiler will confuse which display() method is to be call. so to avoid that ambiguity java does not support multiple inheritance.
   
   
   
8. what is method hiding in java?

->